#EXTM3U
FIRST.sp" group-title="Channels",Baby First
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2068?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Boomerang.br" group-title="Channels",Boomerang
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2065?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Cartoonnetwork.br" group-title="Channels",Cartoon Network
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2062?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Disneychannel.br" group-title="Channels",Disney Channel
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2042?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Disneyjrhd.br" group-title="Channels",Disney JR
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2041?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Disneyxd.br" group-title="Channels",Disney XD
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2040?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Natgeo Kids
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1972?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Nickelodeon.br" group-title="Channels",Nick
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1970?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Nick2.ar" group-title="Channels",Nick 2
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1969?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NickJr.br" group-title="Channels",Nick JR
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1968?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Nicktoons.uk" group-title="Channels",Nicktoons
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1967?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TIIN.mx" group-title="Channels",Tiin
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1944?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Tooncast.br" group-title="Channels",Tooncast
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1940?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Ae.br" group-title="Channels",A&E
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2084?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Amc.br" group-title="Channels",AMC
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2081?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Axn.br" group-title="Channels",Axn
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2078?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CinecanalW.mx" group-title="Channels",Cinecanal
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2061?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Cinemax.br" group-title="Channels",Cinemax
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2060?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Comedycentral.br" group-title="Channels",Comedy Central
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2056?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DePelicula.mx" group-title="Channels",De Pel√≠cula
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2054?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DistritoComedia.mx" group-title="Channels",Distrito Comedia
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2039?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="EuropaEuropa.ar" group-title="Channels",Europa Europa
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2026?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Fox.br" group-title="Channels",Fox
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2022?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Foxlife.br" group-title="Channels",Fox Life
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2021?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FoxPremiumAction.ar" group-title="Channels",Fox Premium Action
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2020?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FoxPremiumCinema.ar" group-title="Channels",Fox Premium Cinema
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2019?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FoxPremiumClassics.ar" group-title="Channels",Fox Premium Classics
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2018?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FoxPremiumMovies.ar" group-title="Channels",Fox Premium Movies
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2017?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FoxPremiumSeries.ar" group-title="Channels",Fox Premium Series
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2016?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Fx.br" group-title="Channels",FX
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2008?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FXMovie.us" group-title="Channels",FXM
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2007?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Golden.mx" group-title="Channels",Golden
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2003?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="GoldenEdge.mx" group-title="Channels",Golden Edge
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2002?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Hbo.br" group-title="Channels",HBO
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1997?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Hbo2.br" group-title="Channels",HBO 2
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1996?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Hbofamily.br" group-title="Channels",HBO Family
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1995?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Hboplus.br" group-title="Channels",HBO plus
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1994?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Hbosignature.br" group-title="Channels",HBO Signature
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1993?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",HBO Subtitulado
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1992?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="iSat.br" group-title="Channels",I.Sat
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1989?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Lifetime.br" group-title="Channels",Lifetime
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1982?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Paramounthd.br" group-title="Channels",Paramount
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1964?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Sony.br" group-title="Channels",Sony
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1957?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Space.br" group-title="Channels",Space
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1956?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Studiouniversal.br" group-title="Channels",Studio Universal
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1955?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Syfy.br" group-title="Channels",Syfy
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1952?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Tbs.br" group-title="Channels",TBS
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1951?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Tcm.br" group-title="Channels",TCM
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1950?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TLNovelas.pe" group-title="Channels",Tl Novelas
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1943?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Tnt.br" group-title="Channels",TNT
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1942?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TNTSerie.br" group-title="Channels",Tnt Series
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1941?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Maxprime.br" group-title="Channels",Max Prime
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2089?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Universalchannel.br" group-title="Channels",Universal Channel
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1932?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Warnerchannel.br" group-title="Channels",Warner
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1929?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",A3 Series
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2083?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Animalplanet.br" group-title="Channels",Animal Planet
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2080?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Antena3.ro" group-title="Channels",Antena 3
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2079?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Bloomberg.br" group-title="Channels",Bloomberg
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2066?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CNNesp.mx" group-title="Channels",CNN en Espanol
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2059?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Cnninternacional.br" group-title="Channels",CNN Internacional
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2058?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CNN.us" group-title="Channels",CNN USA
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2057?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Congreso de la Uni√≥n
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2055?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Discovery.br" group-title="Channels",Discovery Channel
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2053?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DiscoveryCivilization.br" group-title="Channels",Discovery Civilization
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2052?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Discovery HH
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2051?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Discoverykids.br" group-title="Channels",Discovery Kids
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2050?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Discoverykidshd.br" group-title="Channels",Discovery Kids HD
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2049?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DiscoveryScience.br" group-title="Channels",Discovery Science
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2048?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Hdtheater.br" group-title="Channels",Discovery Theater
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2047?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="tlc-russia" group-title="Channels",Discovery TLC
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2046?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="tlc-russia" group-title="Channels",Discovery TLC HD
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2045?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Discturbohd.br" group-title="Channels",Discovery Turbo
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2044?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Discoveryworld.br" group-title="Channels",Discovery World
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2043?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DW.al" group-title="Channels",DW
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2038?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Bloomberg.ar" group-title="Channels",El Financiero Bloomberg
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2037?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ElGourmet.mx" group-title="Channels",El Gourmet
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2036?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Entertainment
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2035?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Film And Arts
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2025?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Foodnetworkhd.br" group-title="Channels",Food Network
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2024?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="France24.fr" group-title="Channels",France 24
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2009?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="GalaTV.mx" group-title="Channels",Gala TV
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2006?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Galavision.us" group-title="Channels",Galavision
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2088?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="UniMas.us" group-title="Channels",Unimas
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2087?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="GarageTV.es" group-title="Channels",Garage TV
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2005?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Glitz.br" group-title="Channels",Glitz
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2004?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Havoc
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2000?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Historychannel.br" group-title="Channels",History
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1999?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="H2.uk" group-title="Channels",History 2
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1998?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HolaTV.us" group-title="Channels",Hola TV
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1990?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Investigacaodiscoveryid.br" group-title="Channels",Investigation Discovery
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1986?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Investigation.uk" group-title="Channels",Investigation Discovery HD
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1985?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Maschic.mx" group-title="Channels",M√°s Chic
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1981?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Nationalgeographic.br" group-title="Channels",Natgeo
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1973?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Natgeowildhd.br" group-title="Channels",Natgeo Wild
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1971?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NTN24.us" group-title="Channels",NTN 24
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1966?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="RTEspanol.es" group-title="Channels",RT en Espanol
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1960?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="RTEspanol.es" group-title="Channels",RT Noticias
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1959?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",SHE
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1958?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Sundancehd.br" group-title="Channels",Sundance
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1954?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",SuresTV
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1953?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Telemundo.mx" group-title="Channels",Telemundo
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1837?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Trutv.br" group-title="Channels",Tru TV
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1939?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="tvcen" group-title="Channels",TVC
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1936?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Unicable.mx" group-title="Channels",Unicable
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1933?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="UnivisionEast.us" group-title="Channels",Univision
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1838?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="WOBITV.mx" group-title="Channels",Wobi TV
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1928?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Afizzionados
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2069?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AyMSports.mx" group-title="Channels",Aym Sports
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2077?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="beINSPORTSenespanol467.us" group-title="Channels",BeIN Sports √ë
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1841?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",DIRECTV Sports 1
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1844?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",DIRECTV Sports 2
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1843?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",DIRECTV Sports Plus
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1842?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Espn.br" group-title="Channels",Espn
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2034?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ESPN2.mx" group-title="Channels",Espn 2
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2033?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Espn 2 Sur
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2029?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ESPN3.mx" group-title="Channels",Espn 3
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2032?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Espn 3 Sur
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2028?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ESPN+.br" group-title="Channels",Espn Plus
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2031?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Espn Plus Sur
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2027?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Espn Sur
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2030?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Foxsports.br" group-title="Channels",Fox Sports
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2015?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Foxsports2.br" group-title="Channels",Fox Sports 2
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2014?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Fox Sports 2 Sur
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2011?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FoxSports3.mx" group-title="Channels",Fox Sports 3
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2013?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Fox Sports 3 Sur
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2010?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Fox Sports Sur
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2012?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Deportes - Fox Sports Premium
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2086?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Golf Latin America
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2001?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Latin American Sports
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1983?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MovistarFormula1.es" group-title="Channels",Movistar Formula 1
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1825?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CanalPlusFutbol.es" group-title="Channels",Movistar Futbol
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1823?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Golf.sp" group-title="Channels",Movistar Golf
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1826?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NBA.blt" group-title="Channels",NBA TV
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1908?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NFLNetwork.mx" group-title="Channels",NFL Network
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1909?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TeleFormula.mx" group-title="Channels",Telef√≥rmula
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1949?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",TNT Sports
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1910?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVCDeportes.mx" group-title="Channels",TVC Deportes
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1935?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TyCSports.ar" group-title="Channels",TyC Sports
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1911?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",UFC
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1839?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="UnivisionTDN.mx" group-title="Channels",Univision TDN
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1845?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Univision UDN
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1846?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Win Sports
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1847?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="WWE.ca" group-title="Channels",WWE Network
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1840?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",A Plus
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2085?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",ADN 40
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2082?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Az Cinema
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2076?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AzClic.mx" group-title="Channels",Az Clic
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2075?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AZCorazon.cl" group-title="Channels",Az Coraz√≥n
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2074?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AZMundo.cl" group-title="Channels",Az Mundo
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2073?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Azteca7.mx" group-title="Channels",Azteca 7
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2072?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Azteca Uno
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2070?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Canal5.mx" group-title="Channels",Canal 5
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2064?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="OnceTV.mx" group-title="Channels",Canal Once
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2063?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ForoTV.mx" group-title="Channels",Foro TV
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/2023?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",HMX
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1991?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Imagen TV
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1988?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Ingenio TV
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1987?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Channels",Las Estrellas
http://198.255.22.218:25461/hlhapp/dejenderobarrr/1984?token=GkBaAkMKGglAAgAFB1lSUwcDBgYAAARRV1VZVwNRAA9TVlZUBVRbAlUWFRRFFRQBVghsXVwTCQENCVJKQEERUhM9WwcSWBoCVAUBBwBDSkZDDF5RGgsCBQEDVFJWDVYBTUBCClRAAhFQAg0CBENKRlIdR1FKX1Jca1QEEAtXBxVbDEcPXE4aXAxrXVNbAAgAFV8RBBodEVlHQENcDEEOW01AUApEEFlHBxYDFAdVVFUVSRFXV0RdREZJQ1xAeToVTUBXG0QHVkALW1cUDEMSFxVJEV1LbkFVR0QTAwNZB0VDWBBTEk4aXgNMZlVZDwgBVBFaW1ZCEQoWBlFWQBhAWg4MWxdfEGdDC1AbDBRTUFQBXBFJ

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="avi" group-title="Videos",TecnotvOficial
http://tecnotv.xyz/redes.avi
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="avi" group-title="Videos",@Tecnotv
http://tecnotv.xyz/redes.avi
